q1: How does the man in the striped shirt feel when the woman starts talking to him?a: He feels awkward because the woman is saying unexpected things to him, so he uses a very flat tone and frequently looks away from the woman.i: The person in the striped shirt is excited when the woman is talking to him since he finds her very attractive, so he willfully engages in the conversation with the woman.q2: How does the woman in the yellow shirt feel about the person in the striped shirt?a: The woman thinks that the man in the striped shirt is intriguing since she repeatedly asks him questions.i: She does not like him because she does not like people who work at the mall which is where she recognizes him from.q3: Why is the man in the striped shirt talking to the woman in the yellow shirt?a: The man in the striped shirt is talking to the woman in the yellow shirt because he's trying to be polite.i: The man in the striped shirt is talking to the woman in the yellow shirt because he's bored and wants to get into a conversation.q4: How does the man in the striped shirt indicate his interest in talking to the woman in the yellow shirt?a: The man doesn't like talking to the woman because he frequently turns away from her and frowns while looking at her.i: The man is flattered that the blonde woman is paying him attention.i: The man enjoys talking to the blonde woman because he keeps the conversation flowing and bumps into her cart to grab her attention. q5: Does the woman like the man?a: Yes, because she smiles and tilts her head when she's talking to him, maintaining eye contact throughout the conversation.i: She dislikes the man since she looks around rapidly at the end of the video, showing that she's scared to be around the man.q6: Is the man interested in continuing the conversation with the woman?a: He's not interested since his tone is very reluctant and withdrawn and tries to walk away from the woman.i: The man is interested because he continues replying to her questions and thank her for her compliments.