q1: How do the woman in the jacket and the man in the tie treat the blond woman?a: They confrontational toward her because they believe that she is doing something terrible secretively and they are demanding answers from her.i: They are rude to her because they are mad at the woman for keeping them waiting for such a long time.q2: Why did the blonde woman shake her head and sigh before she answered the question at :32?a: She shakes her head and sighs because she's overwhelmed and uncertain about how to continue answering the very direct questions.i: She shakes her head and sighs because she doesn't want to talk to the people and intends to walk away from them rather than engaging them.q3: What did the blond woman feel in the beginning?a: The blonde woman feels very easy and relaxed given her casual tone and upbeat approach.i: She feels nervous and suspicious that these two people came to find her is using her smile to mask this.Q4: How does the woman with black hair act in this situation?a: She acts intense and serious as she tries to understand what is going on and speaks directly about the about the topic at hand.i: She acts amused by the comments that the woman with the blonde hair is making and speaks casually about the situation.q5: Does the blond woman shaking her head indicate she is surprised as she talks?a: Yes she is surprised and  shakes her head because she wants to emphasize that she is clueless about the situation at hand.I: No she is not surprised and was expecting a confrontation so shakes her head because she disapproves of the blonde hair woman and the man.q6: How did the general atmosphere progress in this conversation?a: It was cheery and casual in the beginning but the mood immediately shifted to something very intense and serious when the man and the woman with dark hair start asking questions.a: It was friendly in the beginning of the video but becomes argumentative and aggressive as the group starts yelling and insulting each other.