q1: Why does the woman in the white sweater interrupt the woman in the polka dot sweater at :17?a: She interrupts the woman in the polka dot shirt because she's excited and jumping to conclusions.i: The woman with the red hair interrupts the conversation because she feels really disappointed by the woman in the polka dot shirt. q2: What is the tone change of the video?a: The tone of the video begins with one of celebration to one that is one of more surprise and worry. i: The tone of the video is one of celebration throughout the entirety of the video. q3: What does the man in the red shirt feel when the polka dot woman is revealing the truth to the older woman?a: The man in the red shirt feels awkward and ashamed because he does not look directly at the older woman, but instead looks down at the table to avoid eye contact.i: The man in the red shirt seem to be really invested in what the woman in the polka dot shirt is talking about, as seen through his facial expressions.q4: How can you tell the woman in the blue sweater is nervous?a: You can tell the woman in the blue sweater is nervous because she is speaking slowly and hesitantly, her brows are furrowed, and she repeatedly looks at the man in red for support.i: The woman with the blue sweater is not nervous because she's smiling and appears happy rather than anxious when talking to the woman about her plans with the man in red.q5: Is the man in the red sweater being supportive in this situation?a: The man in the red sweater is not being very supportive in this situation because he is leaving the woman in the blue sweater to do all of the explaining to the woman in the white sweater.i: The man in the red sweater is being supportive in this situation by enjoying all of the food the woman in the white sweater brought out.q6: Why does the woman in the white sweater's reaction ask the other woman to repeat her question at :38?a: The woman in the white sweater is shocked at what the woman in the blue sweater says because it was not the news she was expecting.i: The woman in the white sweater is hard of hearing and did not catch what the woman in the blue sweater just stated. 