q1: What is the tone of the man in black when he approaches the woman? a: His tone one of polite authority when he approaches her.i: His tone is one of unconstrained excitement when he approaches her.q2: Why does the man in black approach the woman?a: The man in the black approaches the woman because he accuses her of shoplifting. i: The man in the black approaches the woman because he thinks that she is really attractive and wants to ask her on a date. q3: Is the man in black patient with the woman?a: Yes, the man in the black is really patient because even when the woman gets really frustrated the man maintains his composure.   i: No, the man in the black is not patient at all because he gets really frustrated when the woman screams at her.q4: Why is the woman with the ponytail so offended by the man in the black jacket?a: The woman with the ponytail is so offended by the man in the black jacket because she thinks its absurd that she was stopped for shoplifting when she paid for her items in plain view.i: The woman with the ponytail is so offended by the man in the black jacket because there are other customers in the shop but she was singled out.q5: Is the man in the black jacket being fair to the woman with the ponytail?a: The man in the black jacket seems to be fair to the woman with the ponytail, as he was paying attention to security footage and telling her they can sort it out quietly.i: The man is really fair when accusing the woman because he is really sure that the woman stole multiple items by placing those items in to her bag while she was shopping. q6: Does the man in the black jacket have the right to be suspicious of the woman with the ponytail?a: The man in the black jacket has the right to be slightly suspicious of the woman with the ponytail because he is doing his job of preventing shoplifting, and he believes he saw something suspicious when watching the woman with the ponytail on the camera. i: The man in the black jacket should be really suspicious of the woman because he already knows for a fact that she has been stealing and let her walk away a couple of times before. 